Update hybrid-collab-guidelines.md (#3523)
the-turing-way/the-turing-way: book/website/collaboration/hybrid-collab/hybrid-collab-guidelines.md

- Support shared note-taking documents and/ or facilitation guides for both in-person and remote groups to ensure both groups are included.
- Establish a platform for asynchronous side chat to facilitate communication.
- Ensure equal availability and access for both in-person and remote attendees in hybrid events.

### Social Networking during Hybrid Collaboration

- Recognise and address asymmetries in in-person and online settings to establish realistic expectations.
- Create opportunities for social interactions both online and in person to balance out the challenges.
- Foster a positive atmosphere in person and encourage an informal approach online to facilitate idea exchanges and connections.

### Personnel and Staffing Planning

Depending on your event or meeting, you may need to consider providing support for session facilitation, notetaking, and technical support. 
For hybrid events, you will need both in-person personnel **AND** online personnel and ensure that are able to recruit support for both the online and in-person parts of your event as it will be incredibly difficult for the same person to act as both an in-person and online facilitator.

> We have curated a few examples below that can be used in addition to the above guidance for planning your event

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below are some examples of types of facilitators or contributors that your hybrid event might need to make it a success. For each role, we have included some potential tasks & responsibilities. 
```
